so i've been reading a lot of comments
over the past few days and a lot of
people are predicting breeze to appear
in the season finale and although i do
think a new threat could emerge for
racquel as one is taken off the streets
which is unique because it does look as
if he's going to be arrested in the
season finale now i don't think this new
threat is going to be breeze and i don't
think he's going to be introduced in the
season finale either and i'm going to
give you my reasons as to why and when i
think he's going to be introduced and
this stems from 50 cent recently doing
an interview where he spoke about breeze
ghost and a young tommy as well and when
they could appear in raising canaan so
i'm going to run through 50 cent's
interview with the express and a brief
history lesson with breezy's story but
as we're talking about threats in this
video in this second part of the video
we're going to look at some new
potential threats which could emerge for
raqqa if uni does take the fall floor
detective how it's shooting because in
power as you eliminate one threat
another one seems to be right in front
of you just like we saw with milan and
ghost and taking unique out impacts
directly on dean so we're going to be
talking about how dean could be a
potential threat to raquel going forward
into season 2 of raising kanan but of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscriber and if
you don't see everything power book 3
empower universe related but let's break
down this interview that 50 cent gave
first and i'm going to leave the link to
this down below if you guys want to take
a read yourselves but he was asked about
breeze a young tommy and a young ghost
and he said not before the end of this
season but there is a possibility to
bring in a young ghost young tommy and
breeze the breeze character was my
partner before i went to jail they
killed him they sent me to jail and took
over the business and those characters
could possibly pop up in raising kanan
so that's what 50 cents said when he was
asked about when breeze could be showing
up in raising canaan and i really didn't
think that breeze would be introduced
for a while anyway not in season one
because it's way too soon i still think
d with his brother could be breezed but
it's way too soon for him to be
introduced because kenyan has all these
other mentors that we're seeing first
and he was talked about as a character
that kanan was under and someone who
also taught him the game and the way of
the streets so far we've seen this from
raquel marvin mainly throughout season
one and i think we'll see lou and
scrappy mentoring kanan as we go into
season two as well because we still need
to find out about who kane and learn to
play chess from which i think could be
lulu and how to stick and move in the
streets just like scrappy but when
breeze is introduced and kanan is under
breeze it's safe to say that racquet
won't be there because why would kanan
work on the breeze if rack is still in
the picture this is why i think when
breeze is ultimately introduced into the
world of raising canaan racket will no
longer be on the show either she'll be
killed off or as i've said before there
is a small plot hole there that they
could explore which was given to us in
season 2 episode 2. this is where kanan
said that he went to go see his moms
just before he came to ghost apartment
this tells us that she's alive maybe in
a nursing home possibly or what he
actually meant was he went to go visit
her grave because later on in the series
there was nobody alive around canaan's
family to collect his ashes but she
could be in a nursing home or in prison
as well which is why she wasn't able to
collect the ashes who knows so there
definitely is a plot hole there for rak
to be alive in the timeline of power now
my opinion is i do think she will die at
some point in raising kanan but whether
she goes to prison or does ultimately
die she would have to be completely out
of the picture for then breeze to step
in as someone who mentors kanan even
further in the streets and i still think
this could very well be deal with his
brother who could be introduced at some
point but let's wait and see because i'm
sure he's a character that will be
introduced at some point in the future
but let's run through a brief history
lesson of what we know about breeze from
power so far he was a character who he
first heard of in the very first episode
after a successful opening night of
truth for ghost ghost was admiring what
he achieved he told tommy from working
on the corners for breeze and kanan for
two knuckleheads making it in the city
ain't no small and back then kanan
kept both ghost and tommy in line as
tommy told sean in episode 2 of season 1
but fast forward to season two when
kanan was released from prison he was
convincing ghost star roller wanted to
take gold style because he wrote the
blueprint because of how he took griez
out now in season 3 episode 8 we were
actually introduced to breezy's
apartment but kanan told tariq the human
ghost used to work for breeze and he was
tough he was strong but he was never
smart he was someone who had the same
routine every day and ghost knew that
brees would be here at 7pm to watch
jeopardy ghost came after school and
broke in and waited for him to come home
and breeze didn't have time to get
scared because ghost put a bullet in the
back of his head just like kanan was
going to do in this scene to tariq and
fast forwarding all the way to season
six episode 10 tarikas goes to tell him
all the bad that he's done ghost
told tariq that he never wanted to kill
breeze because he loved him and he was
tariq sage when he killed him which was
around 17 years old he killed him
because he got in the way of his future
he said he gave brees one more chance to
change his mind but he forced ghost hand
and who then told ghost the game was
kanan who taught kanan was breeze and
canaan's family as well seen throughout
season one and kanan backed up what
tommy said at the beginning of power in
season five kanan told ghost you forget
who taught you the game in the first
place and this is who ghost and tommy
learned the game from kanan and breeze
as well and just on a side note was
kanan really the bad guy he was
portrayed to be this villain as someone
who was introduced wanting revenge but
ghost and tasha were the ones who sent
him to prison and there are various
other elements that have happened in
raising canaan which makes me think
kanan wasn't the bad guy after all but
this is something i'm going to dive deep
on in a separate video but coming back
to breeze he really will be an integral
part when he is introduced into the
world of raising kanan because he was
someone who had kanan working for him
and as i mentioned with raquel and how
she would have to be out the picture the
same could be said about marvin and lou
where would marvin and lulu be at the
point of breezy's introduction because
lou is someone who racquel wants to take
over the business so she can sit back
and collect the checks now marvin was
never a great leader as he just admitted
in episode 9 himself with how rock was
always better than he was but who's to
say he can't be a great leader in the
future he's gonna go through anger
management next season with his
therapist renee and if he is able to
keep his emotions in check then he could
become a leader again at some point so i
really wouldn't rule out marvin just yet
but that's the latest on 50 cent and
what he said with regards to breeze and
how we're probably not going to be
introduced to him anytime soon but he
definitely is an important part of
caitlyn's journey and so is ghost and
tommy so do you think this will happen
at some point in the future there were
rumors that wood harris will be playing
breeze but really don't know how true
this is because breeze is only supposed
to be a few years older than kanan
himself and wood harris has to be in his
50s by now but moving on to the second
part of the video and how racket could
have a new threat and if he's not
breezed then who could this new threat
be if unique is taken off the streets by
either being dead or in jail one
character who we were introduced to in
episode three was dean in the older
kane's narration he told us that dean
was someone who had business all over
the country but he kept his head down
and he was someone who doesn't make
noise he's silent but violent and every
single person who the older kanan has
given as a narration an introduction to
they've been a character who has been
someone of significance in raising kanan
for example d whiz lou famous and
everybody else but dean is someone who
we've only seen parts of so far and we
haven't seen this violent side to him
just yet and i say yeah because the
that racquel has planned with taking
unique off the streets and effectively
shutting his business down this directly
impacts dean because unique promised to
purchase his and raqqa's supply from
dina 20 premium and if unique is taken
off the streets then that leaves a hole
in dean's pocket and raqqa seems like
she's found another connect thanks to
the help of julia which is joaquin and
although dean is someone who doesn't
like to get into conflict i'm sure he's
someone that demands respect and someone
who won't take too kindly to rock and
messing with the business as she's done
before with smurf and this would be the
second time that she's hitting dean
indirectly first with the uniques reap
and now taking him out completely if she
has successfully taken him out that is
so could we see this violent side to
dean coming into season two it is
definitely something to think about but
that's a breakdown of the latest
comments from 50 cent on breeze ghost
and tommy and when we could see them
which won't be in episode 10 by the
sounds of it so let me know what you
guys think about 50's latest comments on
breeze and the threat of dean if frackel
is successful with a plan could dean be
a problem for raquel drop all your
comments down below on the latest 50
cent interview and dean as well but of
course if you're new to the channel and
you haven't done so already then
remember to smash the subscribe button
if you want to see everything power book
3 empower universe related but as always
thank you guys for watching and i'll see
you
next time